General Manager Ma and General Manager Lee
Come on.
Deliver the goods.
What?
He arranged for the killer to chase me.
Then stand in the garage waiting for me to take the bait.
Isn't it just for that?
After receiving the goods, I will resign immediately.
You have planned very carefully.
What clothes are here now?
What are you talking about?
This is 1 million.
We are smart not to speak in secret.
You give me the stuff.
Isn't all the money inside yours?
I can still consider.
Let me take the place of the pony and Lillon.
Become the president of the company
Chairperson
Who are you?
You can call me what I mean.
And who am I?
It doesn't seem like an issue you should consider.
With your ability.
I can't reach my realm in my whole life.
But now if you nod
This 1 million and the position of president of this company.
It's all yours.
Sorry.
I am a failure.
No need to try it.
This is 1 million.
10 million is useless.